README.md, before:

# String/Data ownership in DllImport scenarios

Leaking contexts

- Types involving allocation of native memory (and ownership)
	- Strings
	- Collections
	- By-ref value types?
	- Struct fields?


- Contexts
	- Returning/outing data from C# to C
		- Virtual method implementations
	- Note: Calling from C# to C has not issues as we can intercept both before
	  and after the C call.


Taking strings as example:

- `@in string`: C# calling C
	- Convert to native pointer
	- C# can deallocate the native after returning from the C method
	- Could be done with default string marshaling (greedy)

- `@in string`: C calling C#
	- Plain string marshalling seems to work with manual testing.

- `@in string @move`: C# calling C
	- Can't use default marshaling.
	- Must allocate a new Native one and give it to C
	- Use custom marshaler
        - MarshalManagedToNative
        - CleanUpNativeData (Must be a nop to keep ownership to C)

- `@in string @move`: C calling C#
	- C# doesn't seems to be taking ownership.
        - Valgrind shows leak with default marshaling
	- Use Custom Marshalling
        - MarshalNativeToManaged
        - CleanupManagedData

- `return string`: C# calling C
	- Kaboooms with default marshalling
	- Needs to be marshalled manually
        - MarshalNativeToManaged
        - CleanupNativeData

- `return string`: C calling C#
	- TODO

- `return string @move`: C# calling C
	- Plain marshalling

- `return string @move`: C calling C#
	- TODO

Commit message:

Add remaining return and update naming
Instead of `own`, use `move` like Eolian's

README.md, after:

# String/Data ownership in DllImport scenarios

This is a set of examples about moving data between C# and C through `DllIport`,
with or without changes of ownership, like eolian's `@move` tag.

## Leaking contexts

- Types involving allocation of native memory (and ownership)
    - Strings
    - Collections
    - By-ref value types?
    - Struct fields?

- Returning/outing data from C# to C
    - Virtual method implementations


## Example: strings

- `@in string`: C# calling C
    - Convert to native pointer
    - C# can deallocate the native after returning from the C method
    - Could be done with default string marshaling (greedy)

- `@in string`: C calling C#
    - Plain string marshalling seems to work with manual testing.

- `@in string @move`: C# calling C
    - Can't use default marshaling.
    - Must allocate a new Native one and give it to C
    - Use custom marshaler
        - MarshalManagedToNative
        - CleanUpNativeData (Must be a nop to keep ownership to C)

- `@in string @move`: C calling C#
    - C# doesn't seems to be taking ownership.
        - Valgrind shows leak with default marshaling
    - Use Custom Marshalling
        - MarshalNativeToManaged
        - CleanupManagedData

- `return string`: C# calling C
    - Kaboooms with default marshalling
    - Needs to be marshalled manually
        - MarshalNativeToManaged
        - CleanupNativeData

- `return string`: C calling C#
    - Should work with default marshalling.
    - But could kaboom?

- `return string @move`: C# calling C
    - Plain marshalling

- `return string @move`: C calling C#
    - TODO
